so senator we hit at you and your wife
Cindy were the ones who suggested that
Meghan take this gag I certainly
recommended it because it needed a good
conservative voice account of yours
I actually strongly recommended it
because so many Americans watch this
program and have their information and
knowledge as a result of being of her
participation and all of you and you've
done a great job all these 75 years
thank you for helping us celebrate her
birthday we want some dirt we want you
to get to know her better so what was
she like as a child
uncover noble he was very
independent-minded she and I would have
long discussions even when she was at an
early age that's very good yes I was I
was pretty rebellious when I was younger
and I'm like her father we always you
always brought me on his campaigns
growing up when I was when he was
running for Senate and then when he ran
for president the first time when I was
13 and when I graduated college I didn't
want to get a job so I joined his
campaign instead and then learn to love
politics the dinners he was out when
he's like don't run around my parents
were like this is a grown-up table yeah
it's like that's the ambassador well you
know one of the things that we did is we
decided to have our kids grow up in
Arizona and even though a lot of times
during the week I was gone I think it
was much healthier for them
to have a family growing up in the state
that I represented when people don't do
that families divided we certainly have
had our challenges don't get me wrong
but I think the best thing was for them
to be able to grow up in Arizona Creek
yeah building a dam would do it again
for you if you needed that we do know
that Meagan has a boyfriend now a very
serious situation how do you approve of
the guy have you met him very fine man
I'm very proud and very happy that
they're so happy together and he's still
got a lot to learn it's for you your dad
clearly sets a high bar he's a decorated
pilot a war hero a six-term senator
chairman of the Armed Services Committee
how scared was your boyfriend when he
hit you're like come on guy it's fine
well this one works in politics and has
for a long time so he wasn't as
intimidated and he actually met my dad
at my brother's wedding for the first
time and ended up just talking about
like the health health care some
something very wonky and I remember I
took pictures that I still have of them
talking and I was like mom I think it's
going okay I think I think we're gonna
be okay with this one yeah I do I think
he's a fine man and I'm very pleased and
we're gonna have a very nice time
together and then he and I are he
frankly he's a little more conservative
than I am really
it doesn't have a say you have a great
sense of humor just hey I mean I
wouldn't say it is like using funny he's
gonna break up with me I'm gonna go
Shelley's gonna break up with me but
he's very it's interesting that I dated
so many liberals that you didn't like
and then I've ultimately seemed to have
landed with the most conservative guy in
the history of the world mark is there
yes Oh what we much more now you know
we've been sending positive vibes to you
since you announced they've been
diagnosed with global blastoma which is
a rare form of brain cancer how you
feeling it's really what I went on
yelling fine and give plenty of rest
plenty of food plenty of exercise and
you know I've had some other challenges
you beat it so yeah you know it should
be scared of you
really
and I don't mean to get a little
sentimental but it does it does make you
appreciate every minute of every hour of
every day
we should all thank God for every minute
because we are blessed and we're blessed
to be on the greatest nation on earth
[Applause]
it's a challenging to try and keep it
that way right now and you're doing that
you're fighting the good fight senator
we all appreciate that don't we this is
a this is an entertainment program and
it's wonderful and it's had great
success all the years but yes we are in
very challenging times and I hate to go
over what you just covered but my
friends we should not be fighting about
a brave American who lost his life
serving his country that should not be
the topic of discussion in America today
yes
[Applause]
woopie said that his congressman a woman
Wilson might have opened a can of worms
about What's in nausea that maybe we
wouldn't have known about but will be is
right in that Americans should know
what's going on at night yeah yeah yeah
we should know what caused the deaths of
four brave young Americans should know
what kind of operations were engaged in
and one of the fights I'm having right
now with the administration is that
Armed Services Committee is not getting
enough information and they and they
deserve it because we represent their
families to make sure it doesn't happen
again learn the lessons and then you're
gonna repeat them yeah all right well
we're staying right here you're not
going anywhere dad you have to stick
around and we'll be right back
[Applause]